​	Hi, my lovely friend. Nice to see you again.

​	Last night, my best friend told me he kept playing mobile games rather than reading books as planned; he couldn't stop and was obviously addicted to it. He asked me for help and suggestions. Sadly I couldn't offer the support he needed because I have the same problem as he did, and I'm still struggling to solve it.

​	Procrastination happens a lot in my life. I have been spending my whole life fighting against procrastination which mostly comes from my laziness. It is the biggest enemy of my life. I can't lie to you that whenever I want to, or somebody tells me to do something, I'd like to delay it for no reason. Most of the time, I don't want to do it at all, or sometimes I think I can only do it perfectly once I'm fully prepared. Those are definitely horrible ideas, from my current point of view. I really need a change in that.

​	Firstly, I need to set a clear goal every time before doing something. As people say, with plans and directions, we will gain motivation to make long-term efforts. Secondly, the difficulty of doing something can be organized into several gradient levels to reduce the pain and increase the joy of overcoming the first steps. We are too afraid to start because it seems so hard that we never have the confidence to make it. Lastly and most importantly, if there's positive feedback, it will be much easier to persist and avoid giving up before we finally get things done and fulfill our dreams.

​	I hope to never forget what I write here and make a significant change in my life to be a better man.

